[Docs] Refresh "Contributing code" section (#10222)
Sylius/Sylius: docs/contributing/code/bc.rst

Services
~~~~~~~~

Services names cannot change, but new services might be added with ``sylius.`` or ``Sylius\\`` prefix.

Templates
~~~~~~~~~

Neither template events, block or templates themselves cannot be deleted or renamed.

Deprecations
------------

Before we remove or replace code covered by this backwards compatiblity promise, it is
first deprecated in the next minor release before being removed in the next major release.

A code is marked as deprecated by adding a ``@deprecated`` PHPDoc to
relevant classes, methods, properties:

.. code-block:: php

    /**
     * @deprecated Deprecated since version 1.X. Use XXX instead.
     */

> The deprecation message should indicate the version when the class/method was

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The deprecation message should indicate the version in which the class/method was
```
